# Cryptopapies' Whitepaper

Author: Christian Visintin
Revision: 2022-11-21
Status: Approved

---

- [Cryptopapies' Whitepaper](#cryptopapies-whitepaper)
  - [1. Introduction](#1-introduction)
  - [2. The Developer](#2-the-developer)
  - [3. Roadmap](#3-roadmap)
    - [3.1 Long-term projects](#31-long-term-projects)
  - [4. NFTs](#4-nfts)
    - [4.1 auto-generated NFTs](#41-auto-generated-nfts)
      - [4.1.1 auto-generated NFTs collections](#411-auto-generated-nfts-collections)
    - [4.2 Signed NFTs](#42-signed-nfts)
    - [4.3 Rarity](#43-rarity)
    - [4.4 Collection Drop mode](#44-collection-drop-mode)
    - [4.5 Pricing](#45-pricing)
      - [4.5.1 Auto-generated NFTs pricing](#451-auto-generated-nfts-pricing)
      - [4.5.2 Signed NFTs pricing](#452-signed-nfts-pricing)
  - [5. Collections attributes](#5-collections-attributes)
    - [5.1 Dubai Papi Collection attributes](#51-dubai-papi-collection-attributes)
  - [6. Giveaways and events](#6-giveaways-and-events)
  - [7. Further changes](#7-further-changes)

---

## 1. Introduction

Cryptopapies is a project made up of **7777** pixelated **"CryptoPapies"**, based on some of the most famous crypto and financial gurus out there.
A crypto papi is a figure representing a crypto/financial guru who sells products and courses to help "normal" people become rich as they are and who also has a lot of attractiveness, a kind of appeal to their audience.

The project's mission is to praise the rich man mindset, who should not feel ashamed for making money on others' beliefs. Being rich is not a matter of money, but of mindset. Cryptopapies will become a status symbol for people embracing the rich man mindset.

---

## 2. The Developer

Cryptopapies is being developed by a one-man team, made up of Christian Visintin, a Software Engineer, born in Trieste on May 30, 1997.
Since he was 14, he was really engaged in programming and in 2017 he got a job as a software developer.
Since then, he's really been curious about new technology and in 2022, he decided to approach blockchains and web3 and, so decided to start the cryptopapies project. At the beginning, it was just a joke between friends, but finally he decided to give it a try.

His favourite programming languages are Rust, Elixir and Python.

More information regarding the developer can be found on its website <https://veeso.github.io>

---

## 3. Roadmap

1. The public website is online
2. The contract has been deployed on the Ethereum blockchain
3. Development of the auto-generated NFTs engine
4. Creation of the first collection (the **Dubai Papi Collection**)
5. Cryptopapies becomes a commercial society.
6. Once the first collection is sold, we'll arrange to create the first drop of the "Signature Collection" in partnership with a popular influencer in finance.
7. The second collection is dropped
8. Open-source community commitment: once 2000 NFTs are sold, CryptoPapies will donate 15% of their profits to support the most deserving independent open-source projects.
9. The third collection is dropped
10. Cryptopapies starts working on web3 projects (details will be revealed later).
11. New signature collections are dropped

### 3.1 Long-term projects

1. Cryptopapies becomes a start-up involved in the spreading of the web3 credo.

---

## 4. NFTs

As stated in chapter 1, the NFT collection is made up of **7777** unique CryptoPapies, which can be divided into two categories:

### 4.1 auto-generated NFTs

**7000** of the total supply will be autogenerated by a Rust proprietary application, according to the NFT attributes. They will be totally random and unique. **This means there cannot be two or more cryptopapies with the same attributes**.

#### 4.1.1 auto-generated NFTs collections

All the auto-generated cryptopapies will be divided into 7 different collections with different charateristics:

1. The **Dubai Papi Collection** will be the first drop, with 1000 unique NFTs in the collection, representing papies making money in Dubai and flexing their fancy houses and luxury cars in the Arabic city.
2. The **Cryptoguru Collection** will be the second one, with 1000 unique NFTs, representing influencers making money with crypto trading and giving advice on Twitter.
3. The **Wall Street Prodige Collection**, with 1000 unique NFTs, will be an old school collection of brokers in the 80's making money with stock trading in Wall St.
4. TBD (1000 unique NFTs)
5. TBD (1000 unique NFTs)
6. TBD (1000 unique NFTs)
7. TBD (1000 unique NFTs)

### 4.2 Signed NFTs

The remaining **777** NFTs are reserved for the **Signature collections**. The signature collections won't include any auto-generated NFTs, instead, they will be hand painted, by an artist in collaboration with a financial guru, who will be involved in a partnership with the project.
Expect NFTs which belong to this collection to be released later, when the project will have reached a certain amount of people out there.

### 4.3 Rarity

Exception made for the "Signature Collection", there won't be any rarity associated to the auto-generated NFT, since in CryptoPapies we believe each NFT we supply, must be beautiful as the other. So no, we're not going to make scrap art.

### 4.4 Collection Drop mode

- **Auto-generated NFTs**: each collection is made up of 1000 and for each collection there will be 10 drops, each one with 100 NFTs.
- **Signed NFTs**: the collection quantity and drop details will be communicated during the creation of it.

### 4.5 Pricing

This section defines how the pricing for NFTs is set.

#### 4.5.1 Auto-generated NFTs pricing

The price for auto-generated NFTs will be increased by 25% for each drop of the collection. This means that if the first drop of a collection has price 0.02ETH, the second drop will have price 0.025ETH, the third 0.0031ETH and the 10th, will have price of 0.149ETH.

The start and final prices for each collection will be the following:

1. The **Dubai Papi Collection**:

    1st stage:  0.04ETH
    10th stage: 0.298ETH
    total value: 132.8ETH

2. The **Cryptoguru Collection**:

    1st stage:  0.08ETH
    10th stage: 0.595ETH
    total value: 265.7ETH

3. The **Wall Street Prodige Collection**:

    1st stage:  0.16ETH
    10th stage: 1.190ETH
    total value: 531.4ETH

4. TBD: 0.08ETH

    1st stage:  0.16ETH
    10th stage: 1.190ETH
    total value: 531.4ETH

5. TBD: 0.08ETH

    1st stage:  0.16ETH
    10th stage: 1.190ETH
    total value: 531.4ETH

6. TBD: 0.08ETH

    1st stage:  0.16ETH
    10th stage: 1.190ETH
    total value: 531.4ETH

7. TBD: 0.08ETH

    1st stage:  0.16ETH
    10th stage: 1.190ETH
    total value: 531.4ETH

#### 4.5.2 Signed NFTs pricing

The pricing for signed NFTs will be agreed with the sponsor and so it cannot be defined during the definition of the whitepaper.

---

## 5. Collections attributes

This section will define the attribute details for each collection.

### 5.1 Dubai Papi Collection attributes

- Background: TBD
- Beard: (*optional 80%; male only*)
  - TBD
- Car: (*optional; 50%*)
  - Baguette
  - Lambo
  - Nikola
  - RollsRoyal
- Car color (*optional; mandatory if Car*):
  - Black
  - Blue
  - Gray
  - Green
  - Orange
  - Pink
  - Red
  - White
  - Yellow
- EarPods: (*optional; 30%*)
  - Black
  - White
- Eyes:
  - Black
  - Blue
  - Brown
  - Green
- Gender:
  - Male
  - Female
- Glasses: (*optional; 25%*)
  - Eyeglasses
  - Sunglasses
- HairColor:
  - Black
  - Brown
  - Blonde
  - Blue
  - Green
  - Pink
  - Red
- HairStyle:
  - Bald (*male only*)
  - TBD
- HatColor: (*optional; 50%*)
  - Black
  - Cyan
  - Green
  - Red
- Skin:
  - Dark
  - Olive
  - White
  - Asian
- Top:
  - BlackJacket
  - BlueJacke
  - Shirt
  - TankTop
  - BlackTShirt
  - BlueTShirt
  - GreenTShirt
  - RedTShirt
  - OrangeTShirt
  - WhiteTShirt

Other's collection details will be added after the last dropped has been sold.

---

## 6. Giveaways and events

The Cryptopapies will always reserve an arbitrary quantity of NFTs for each collection to be given to the community for free in events and giveaways. Giveaways and initiatives will be sponsored to our social network pages.

---

## 7. Further changes

The Cryptopapies team can change this document with a new revision at any time and there is no guarantee the content of this document won't change during the time. The team will always notify the community as possible in case of further changes.
